the great Chris Stapleton Chris is
nominated for three Grammys this year it
you know it's just for me it's
inspirational to see a guy with a huge
beard in a cowboy hat finally make it in
country music
back in October actually that this is
true I was able to sing a duet with
Chris at one of his concerts in
Nashville it was really fun so tonight
Chris and I thought maybe we could sing
a little something for you guys
[Music]
Chris come on out here
we didn't we actually have any time to
rehearse this is happening so we're
gonna do something called leave things
up to chance a game of chance if you
will it's know we love cheesy duets
[Applause]
okay okay so the way this works is
Guillermo is going to spin this wheel
whatever cheesy do edit lands on no
matter what Chris and I have to sing
that song
we've got opposites attract don't know
much but I know one but I know I love
you you don't bring me flowers I've had
the time of my life somewhere out there
a whole new world
right okay so on the count of three
Guillermo spin that wheel one two three
spin it
[Applause]
you ready for this check check
no I never feel like this before you SAS
where is the truth and now it all to you
[Music]
[Applause]
oh I've been waiting for so long now I
finally found someone understand me we
saw the writing on the wall
happy fellas magical fantasy
now with passion in our eyes there's no
way we can disguise it secretly so we
take each other's hands compass time to
understand the urgency
[Music]
[Applause]
it's the truth
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm Jennifer Grey
[Music]
[Applause]
little time we got this
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares